Extract MaterializedRegionJob from RegionJob (virtual datasets PR 1/6) (#643)
dynamical-org/reformatters: docs/dataset_integration_guide.md

### 4. Implement `RegionJob` subclass

> Work through `src/reformatters/$DATASET_PATH/region_job.py`, implementing the attributes and method definitions based on the unique structure and processing required for your dataset. A materialized (rechunked) dataset subclasses `MaterializedRegionJob` (the download → read → write pipeline); the scaffolded example already does this.

Author: ```suggestion
Work through `src/reformatters/$DATASET_PATH/region_job.py`, implementing the attributes and method definitions based on the unique structure and processing required for your dataset. This guide walks through implementing a `MaterializedRegionJob`, the `RegionJob` subclass used for rechunked Icechunk Zarr data (as opposed to `VirtualRegionJob` for virtual Icechunk datasets).```
